then the angel of the Lord came up from
then the angel of the Lord came up from Gilgal to Bochum and said I led you up
Gilgal to Bochum and said I led you up
Gilgal to Bochum and said I led you up from Egypt and brought you to the land
from Egypt and brought you to the land
from Egypt and brought you to the land of which I swore to your father's and I
of which I swore to your father's and I
of which I swore to your father's and I said I will never break my covenant with
said I will never break my covenant with
said I will never break my covenant with you and you shall make no covenant with
you and you shall make no covenant with
you and you shall make no covenant with the inhabitants of this land you shall
the inhabitants of this land you shall
the inhabitants of this land you shall tear down their altars but you have not
tear down their altars but you have not
tear down their altars but you have not obeyed my voice why have you done this
therefore I also said I will not drive
therefore I also said I will not drive them out before you they shall be thorns
them out before you they shall be thorns
them out before you they shall be thorns in your side and their gods shall be a
in your side and their gods shall be a
in your side and their gods shall be a snare to you so it was when the angel of
snare to you so it was when the angel of
snare to you so it was when the angel of the Lord spoke these words to all the
the Lord spoke these words to all the
the Lord spoke these words to all the children of Israel that the people
children of Israel that the people
children of Israel that the people lifted up their voices and wept then
lifted up their voices and wept then
lifted up their voices and wept then they called the name of that place Bouck
they called the name of that place Bouck
they called the name of that place Bouck him and they sacrificed there to the
him and they sacrificed there to the
him and they sacrificed there to the Lord and when Joshua had dismissed the
Lord and when Joshua had dismissed the
Lord and when Joshua had dismissed the people the children of Israel went each
people the children of Israel went each
people the children of Israel went each to his own inheritance to possess the
to his own inheritance to possess the
to his own inheritance to possess the land so the people served the Lord all
land so the people served the Lord all
land so the people served the Lord all the days of Joshua and all the days of
the days of Joshua and all the days of
the days of Joshua and all the days of the elders who outlived Joshua who had
the elders who outlived Joshua who had
the elders who outlived Joshua who had seen all the great works of the Lord
seen all the great works of the Lord
seen all the great works of the Lord which he had done for Israel
which he had done for Israel
which he had done for Israel now Joshua the son of nun the servant of
now Joshua the son of nun the servant of
now Joshua the son of nun the servant of the Lord died when he was 110 years old
the Lord died when he was 110 years old
the Lord died when he was 110 years old and they buried him within the border of
and they buried him within the border of
and they buried him within the border of his inheritance at Timnath Healy's in
his inheritance at Timnath Healy's in
his inheritance at Timnath Healy's in the mountains of Ephraim on the north
the mountains of Ephraim on the north
the mountains of Ephraim on the north side of Mount gash when all that
side of Mount gash when all that
side of Mount gash when all that generation had been gathered to their
generation had been gathered to their
generation had been gathered to their fathers another generation arose after
fathers another generation arose after
fathers another generation arose after them who did not know the Lord nor the
them who did not know the Lord nor the
them who did not know the Lord nor the work which he had done for Israel then
work which he had done for Israel then
work which he had done for Israel then the children of Israel did evil in the
the children of Israel did evil in the
the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the Lord and served the bales
sight of the Lord and served the bales
sight of the Lord and served the bales and they forsook the Lord God of their
and they forsook the Lord God of their
and they forsook the Lord God of their fathers who had brought them out of the
fathers who had brought them out of the
fathers who had brought them out of the land of Egypt and they followed other
land of Egypt and they followed other
land of Egypt and they followed other gods from among the gods of the people
gods from among the gods of the people
gods from among the gods of the people who were all around them and they bowed
who were all around them and they bowed
who were all around them and they bowed down to them and they provoked the Lord
down to them and they provoked the Lord
down to them and they provoked the Lord to anger they forsook the Lord and
to anger they forsook the Lord and
to anger they forsook the Lord and served bail and the ashteroth and the
served bail and the ashteroth and the
served bail and the ashteroth and the anger of the Lord was hot against Israel
anger of the Lord was hot against Israel
anger of the Lord was hot against Israel so he delivered them into the hands of
so he delivered them into the hands of
so he delivered them into the hands of plunderers who despoil them and he sold
plunderers who despoil them and he sold
plunderers who despoil them and he sold them into the hands of their enemies all
them into the hands of their enemies all
them into the hands of their enemies all around so that they could no longer
around so that they could no longer
around so that they could no longer stand before their enemies wherever they
stand before their enemies wherever they
stand before their enemies wherever they went out the hand of the Lord was
went out the hand of the Lord was
went out the hand of the Lord was against them for calamity as the Lord
against them for calamity as the Lord
against them for calamity as the Lord had said and as the Lord had sworn to
had said and as the Lord had sworn to
had said and as the Lord had sworn to them
them
them and they were greatly distressed
and they were greatly distressed
and they were greatly distressed nevertheless the Lord raised up judges
nevertheless the Lord raised up judges
nevertheless the Lord raised up judges who delivered them out of the hand of
who delivered them out of the hand of
who delivered them out of the hand of those who plundered them yet they would
those who plundered them yet they would
those who plundered them yet they would not listen to their judges but they
not listen to their judges but they
not listen to their judges but they played the harlot with other gods and
played the harlot with other gods and
played the harlot with other gods and bowed down to them they turned quickly
bowed down to them they turned quickly
bowed down to them they turned quickly from the way in which their fathers
from the way in which their fathers
from the way in which their fathers walked in obeying the commandments of
walked in obeying the commandments of
walked in obeying the commandments of the Lord they did not do so and when the
the Lord they did not do so and when the
the Lord they did not do so and when the Lord raised up judges for them the Lord
Lord raised up judges for them the Lord
Lord raised up judges for them the Lord was with the judge and delivered them
was with the judge and delivered them
was with the judge and delivered them out of the hand of their enemies all the
out of the hand of their enemies all the
out of the hand of their enemies all the days of the judge for the Lord was moved
days of the judge for the Lord was moved
days of the judge for the Lord was moved to pity by their groaning because of
to pity by their groaning because of
to pity by their groaning because of those who oppressed them and harassed
those who oppressed them and harassed
those who oppressed them and harassed them
them
them and it came to pass when the judge was
and it came to pass when the judge was
and it came to pass when the judge was dead but they reverted and behaved more
dead but they reverted and behaved more
dead but they reverted and behaved more corruptly than their fathers by
corruptly than their fathers by
corruptly than their fathers by following other gods to serve them and
following other gods to serve them and
following other gods to serve them and bow down to them they did not cease from
bow down to them they did not cease from
bow down to them they did not cease from their own doings nor from their stubborn
their own doings nor from their stubborn
their own doings nor from their stubborn way been the anger of the Lord was hot
way been the anger of the Lord was hot
way been the anger of the Lord was hot against Israel because this nation has
against Israel because this nation has
against Israel because this nation has transgressed my covenant which I
transgressed my covenant which I
transgressed my covenant which I commanded their fathers and has not
commanded their fathers and has not
commanded their fathers and has not heeded my voice I also will no longer
heeded my voice I also will no longer
heeded my voice I also will no longer drive out before them any of the nations
drive out before them any of the nations
drive out before them any of the nations which Joshua left when he died so that
which Joshua left when he died so that
which Joshua left when he died so that through them I may test
through them I may test
through them I may test Israel whether they will keep the ways
Israel whether they will keep the ways
Israel whether they will keep the ways of the Lord to walk in them as their
of the Lord to walk in them as their
of the Lord to walk in them as their fathers kept them or not therefore the
fathers kept them or not therefore the
fathers kept them or not therefore the Lord left those nations without driving
Lord left those nations without driving
Lord left those nations without driving them out immediately nor did he deliver
them out immediately nor did he deliver
them out immediately nor did he deliver them into the hand of Josh
them into the hand of Josh
them into the hand of Josh you
you
you [Music]